/*************************************************
* Project: FileTransfer API
* 
* The API provides methods to read one format of 
* file (e.g., CSV) and transfer it to another 
* format (e.g., XML). It also provides "filter" 
* and "sort" functions on records
*
* Author: Chong Yue
* Start Date: 		04/27/2014
* Finished Date: 	05/01/2014
* Time spent: 		3.5 days
**************************************************/
-- Assumptions:
1. Assume xsd file is provided
2. Java objects representing XML are derived from xsd schema


-- Content:
"source" folder 
	contains all java files generated by jaxb 

"sample" folder 
	1. contains all sample data provided
	2. contains results of 3 testing cases

"test" folder 
	1. contains all test code
	2. test/ com.chong.converter contains all three required test cases


/*************************************************
* Design trade-offs
**************************************************/
-- Simple file convertors V.S. converting to Java objects
There are various pure-file convertors that is able to convert 
one format of file to another without creating Java objects. 
These methods would be faster on converting but 
lack of manipulations of record as required, "filter" and "sort".
As a result, I choose to convert files to Java object and provide
record manipulations based on that. 

-- Extended XMLFilterImpl class to implement "NamespaceFilter"
to delete those "namespaces" associated to "site" element, which is 
not stated in scheme. It introduced a lot of troubles by using jaxb 
to converting sample xml to objects based on scheme. So I pre-parse xml
to delete those "namespaces" then use jaxb converting xml to objects.

-- Filter& Sort implemented on the Java objects converted from XML or CSV

-- Use jcsv to convert csv row to List<String[]> then parse String
Easy to get String from csv
Flexible to parse string for different csv formats

-- Maven is used to add third party libraries

/*************************************************
* Instructions to compile/run
**************************************************/
Instructions:
1. Obtain Java object class definition from xsd schema file
	xjc [-options ...] <schema file/URL/dir/jar>... [-b >bindinfo<] ...
2. Import files into your eclipse project
	"resource" folder 
3. Include all sample code in "samples" folder to faciliate develop
	file path : "samples/ipsoft_perf_counters_xml_sample_data.xml" for instance.

-- Read from file
	1. Use CSVHelper to read/write a CSV file to CSV object
	2. Use XMLHelper to read/write a xml file to xml object

-- Filter & Sort
	1. Use SiteManipulator to filter& sort XML objects
	2. Use HostManipulator to filter& sort CSV objects

-- Convert different data objects
	Use XML_objToCSV_objAdapter to convert from XML object to CSV object


/*************************************************
* Additional libariries
**************************************************/
1. jaxb-ri-2.2.7
2. junit 4.11
3. hamcrest-core 1.3
4. hamcrest-library 1.3
5. jcsv 1.4.0
6. maven
